Being a cultist isn’t all it’s cracked up to be you know - sure you get the cool robes, the swag ritual jewellry and the sense of belonging body and soul to some esoteric being, but do the recruitment pamphlets mention mucking out sacrificial animal cages every day or spending hours trying to scrub pus and ectoplasmic residue off of a hardwood floor only to be berated in front of the entire cell because mr-adhd-prick-brains-coven-leader thought they weren’t clean enough to summon a phlegm imp?  No.  Well not that the cult of pestilence reborn had any recruitment pamphlets when I joined, but I’m sure they wouldn’t have mentioned that if they did.

What really got my sacrificial goat up was the drama.  I’d clawed my way up the cult hierarchy, putting up with all the bullshit and backstabbing for over a decade, until I finally had my own coven.  I honed then like a well oiled machine, ceremonies on time like clockwork, all in service of the disease lord, it was truly a thing of beauty - 100% drama free, I ruled it with a rod of iron.

Then I was invited to attend the high symposium “Finally!” I thought, “the big league! No more pissing around with petty coven politics.  Now I can work with real professionals all in service of Pestilence Reborn!”  Oh, how naive I was.  Ten fucking days of drama.  Four hour long presentations on what sacrificial dagger designs were ‘in’ this season, talks on modern vestment embroidery techniques, motivational courses - MOTIVATIONAL COURSES! The only motivation my cultists needed was that if they didn’t do as they were fucking told they would be the next volunteer for the holy slab!  And the bickering, I could hear it everywhere, the whispering - “did you see that robe deacon Rhiyobe was wearing? Scandalous! that design is definitely from last year! how could he possibly show his face here wearing that ?”  “Oh yes, such a thing as that wouldn’t be tolerated in MY coven!”

I returned a broken man.

Fuck it, fuck the coven, fuck cults and fuck the Prince of Pestilence.  Before the week was out I’d embezzled the covens far from insignificant funds and fled the country.  No doubt they sent assassins after me, they do take apostasy very serious - or at least they do when millions of cult dollars are involved - but I led them a merry chase around europe, asia and finally Africa.   Holed up in some shithole Liberian stockade I spent a year waiting on them, but they never came.  Probably too busy attending a fucking motivational course to chase me that far.

Tired of the heat I snuck back into the US and settled down quietly in a non-descript out of the way town, intending to live a cult free life of leisure and debauchery.  Unfortunately it seems I brought something unexpected back with me.  Ebola.  Oh the fucking Irony.  So here I lie, in the best isolation room stolen money can buy, blood seeping through my skin and soaking the silk sheets - a disease ridden disease cultist.  I’d laugh but I think I’d bring up some liquified lung if I did.

Do I have regrets? Sure, a boatload, buying into the whole cult thing to begin with.  I can’t believe I actually swallowed all that bullshit, not like it matters - I’m dying and that’s that, no afterlife to look forward to, no ‘pus-heaven’ or whatever that crap was, just oblivion.  Oh well, at least I had time to write my will - the look on the faces of the coven leaders when they realise I’ve left their remaining  funds to the WHO will be fucking priceless...

<dies - flatline sound and falling arm>

<shadowy demonic figure>
“Ho ho ho! So my errent little mortal, you think that was it do you? You thought, that you could escape me that easily?  My precious apostate - you offered your soul to me and unlike most of my pathetic supposed followers, you actually meant it. No, you might claim you do not believe in the Prince of Pestilence, but he certainly believes in YOU…”

